Step 1: Initialize a Git Repository
  1. Create a new directory named 'git-branching-exercise' and navigate to it in your command-line interface
  2. Initialize a new Git repository in this directory by running the command: git init

Step 2: Create and Commit Files
  1. Create a file called README.md and add some content to it
  2. Stage the change by running the command: git add .
  3. Commit the the staged change by running the command: git commit -m "Initial commit"

Step 3: Create Branches
  1. Create a new branch named 'feature-1' by running the command: git checkout -b feature-1
  2. Create a new branch named 'feature-2' by running the command: git checkout -b feature-2
  3. Switch to feature-1 branch by running the command: git switch feature-1

Step 4: Deleting a Branch
  1. Switch back to he master branch by running the command: git switch master
  2. Delete the branch feature-2 by running the command: git branch -D feature-2
  3. Verify that feature-2 has been deleted by running the command: git branch

Part 5: Understanding HEAD
  1. Create a new branch named 'feature-3' by running the command: git checkout -b feature-3
  2. Make some changes to README.md
  3. Stage the chnage by running the command: git add .
  4. Commit the staged change by running the command: git commit -m "change"
  5. Show where the HEAD is pointing to by running the command: git log

Part 6: Detached HEAD State
  1. Check out a previous commit using its commit hash by running the command: git checkout <commit hash>
  2. Note: In place of <commit hash> you put the commit hash number that appears when running the command: git log
  3. Make some changes to README.md
  4. Stage the chnage by running the command: git add .
  5. Commit the staged change by running the command: git commit -m "changed"
  6. Verify you are in a detached HEAD state by running the command: git status
  7. Switch back to the master branch by running the command: git switch master
  8. Verify where the HEAD is pointing to by running the command: git log
  
